Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
No.
Can I get you anything else?
I'm fine.
Boop.
Oh. my god!
Oh. thank God you came!
Oh. my god. are
you kidding me?
I wouldn't miss
this for the world!
- Ugh.
- It's your big day!
Oh. my gosh. look at how
many people are here.
I know. it's really weird.
- Let's take an SC.
- Okay.
Okay.
Looks really good.
Where's Marcus?
He should be here any minute-
Oh. This is him.
I'll
hold one second.
Hey. babe. Are
you on your way?
I'm so. so sorry.
I just landed in New York.
We had an emergency on
board and got delayed.
I...
It looks like I won't
be there in time.
Babe?
Yeah. I'm here.
It's fine. Really.
I'm sorry.
I'll keep you posted.
I'll see you at home.
Okay. Bye.
Let's toast.
Let's.
To my amazing sister.
- Mm.
- A once art history teacher.
Now. world famous painter.
Cheers.
Whoa.
What is it? What's the matter?
Marcus isn't coming.
- What?
- I don't know.
He said that he's
still at the airport
and he's never gonna
make it on time.
And he's only just
now telling you this?
This is your day!
Rebecca. stop.
I don't wanna get more
upset than I already am.
It's fine.
No. it isn't.
I'm really tired.
You know. I've been
slaving away for this.
away from you. away from my
husband. away from everyone.
And I've been here
all fucking day.
I don't know anyone here.
And I just...
What?
Oh. my god. Oh. my god.
I forgot Pepper's medication.
Honey. Pepper will be fine.
No. no. no. no. no.
The vet said I have
to give it to him.
I...
You know what.
I'm gonna go home.
- No. no. no. no. no. no.
- I'm gonna go.
No. you're not going
anywhere. Don't be ridiculous.
Look. I'll go home.
I'll give Pepper
his medication.
No. I'm not gonna
make you do that.
What? No. it's fine.
I'll be right back and
we will celebrate you.
Properly. okay?
Julie.
- Hi.
- Hey.
I would like to introduce you
to those people over there.
They love your art.
- Oh.
- And they're so excited
to meet you.
And most importantly. they're
ready to write you a check.
Um. uh. okay.
I'll be one second.
Just one.
Okay. okay. you
stay. you mingle.
and you get the monies.
And I'll be right
back. all right?
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- Mwah.
- All right. security code.
Same?
Still the same. yeah. yeah.
Mwah. See you later.
Okay.
Let's make some money.
Hi.
Hi. how are you?
Hey.
Pepper. you little shit.
You scared me.
Yes. you did.
Oh. you're so cute.
Get off of me!
Get off me!
911.
What's your emergency?
Hello?
911. What's your emergency?
How is it healing?
Uh. it's okay.
Pain meds help.
Another reason why not
to mix pills and alcohol.
I didn't trip
because I was high.
I tripped because of your
stupid robot vacuum cleaner.
Look. I'm worried. She's
mixing pills and alcohol again.
I have a lot of anxiety
and I'm not sleeping.
Julie. we've
talked about this.
I know you need
to take some pills
for your pain and for your
anxiety. but until you heal.
it would be best if you
didn't drink any alcohol.
It really is dangerous.
The break-in.
it was a tragedy.
And Rebecca. she didn't
deserve to die that way.
but it has been five months
and I would like my
wife back. you know?
She needs to...
We need to move on.
Should have been
me that night.
I understand.
You feel your guilt.
And it is a natural
reaction to the situation.
Grief is a process
layered with emotions.
and in order to get through it.
you have to accept and
deal with those emotions.
It is going to take some time.
You will get there.
Yeah. no. I understand that.
You know. it was
really hard being
in our place after
what happened. so I
got us a new place.
somewhere nice and quiet
where Julie can paint
and. you know. I
can work from there-
And I said that I don't feel
comfortable moving right now.
Well. um. relocating
to a new house could help
with the healing process.
A new environment could
give you a new perspective
and help you separate
the traumatic event
that happened to your sister
from the actual
loss of your sister.
I don't like the
idea of being out
in the middle of nowhere.
Alone.
Yeah. but you won't be alone.
You know. I can work from home.
I can be there to get you
anything that you need.
You know. I can
finish working on Hera
and maybe you'll get
inspired to paint and...
Hera. that's his little
toy that plays music
and turns on the lights
when you ask it to.
but when you actually
need it. it's useless.
Okay. first off.
it's not a toy.
And secondly. the
version that we had was
my first prototype. okay?
We don't know what
went wrong. exactly.
Okay. you have no idea what
this new upgrade is capable of.
She can change our lives.
He's making a big effort here.
Can you just meet
him halfway? Hmm?
I think this could
be really good for us.
And I will be
there to help you.
both. through this transition.
Hey. Julie.
How you liking
the new place so far?
It's nice.
You know. there's still
a few things to unpack.
but I figure we can
take our time with that.
I'm glad we're doing this.
Me too.
You won't have to lift
a finger. I promise.
Okay.
Oh. god. there's so many boxes.
Can't wait until
we get unpacked.
Yeah. we'll get there.
Oh. you're gonna
love the new Hera.
Mm-hmm.
Who's that?
It's Sophie.
Um. I'm gonna go upstairs.
but you let me know
when you're ready?
- Mm-hmm. yeah.
- Okay.
Hi.
Hey. how's it going?
I have been dying
over here for details.
You left so mysteriously.
I know. It's good. it's good.
I mean. the house
is really nice.
I just can't wait until
we're unpacked though
because there's shit everywhere.
So you decided which room
you're gonna have sex in first?
Sophie. come on.
You guys still
aren't getting along?
Hey. you know. the best solution
to. mm. everything
is a good orgasm.
- Really?
- Yes. really.
How the hell do you think
I've been married so long?
I don't know. Soph. I just...
I feel so...
Hey. you are not alone.
I am here for you. Just make
the most of your time together.
Okay.
I will. Thanks. Soph.
Bye.
Okay.
Working.
Hey. Jules. come downstairs.
I wanna show you something.
Okay.
Um. let me see your phone?
- Okay.
- Yeah.
I just wanna make sure that you
are connected to everything.
- Mm-hmm.
- Yeah.
Okay.
This is Hera.
She controls all the apps
and the alarm system.
Now. when you leave the
house. it'll turn on.
Okay.
And. you know. if you're home
alone. you can leave it on.
But if a window or a door
opens. the alarm will go off.
And if you don't turn it
off within five minutes.
Hera will get the cops
to come and check on you.
Okay. that's good.
Good. good. now. you can lock
and unlock the doors
from your phone
or. you know. the
tablet. the wall panels.
- Mm-hmm.
- Now. this app.
this app starts the
car from a distance.
Why would I need that?
Oh. I don't know.
You might wanna put the AC on
before getting in. for instance?
Right.
Right. okay. well. this app.
this app starts the
washing machine.
Okay. because pushing a button
on a washing machine is so hard?
Jules. don't fight technology.
Now. on this. and your phone.
you can check all the cameras
that are in the house.
So there and there. and
outside the house too.
Okay.
Who else can see this?
Um. it's only you and me.
Oh. what about my sessions
with Dr. Tate? They're private.
Yeah. uh. just
tell Hera to turn
the sound and the
microphone off in the room
that you're doing the
session with Dr. Tate in.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
Okay.
Hello. Hera.
Hello. Marcus.
It is nice to finally be back.
Hey. Hera. you remember
my wife Julie. don't you?
I do. Hello. Julie.
Well?
"Well." what?
Say hello to Hera.
Are you serious?
Yes. I'm serious.
Hello. Hera.
Hera. it's a bit stuffy in
here. Can you adjust the AC?
Of course.
Mm. Thank you. darling.
It's so good to have you back.
My pleasure. Marcus.
Should I be jealous?
Oh. super jealous.
Hera can control
all of this stuff.
She can hear you
through the speakers
and the cameras
throughout the house.
Um. phone.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
Okay. I'm just gonna make sure
that you're connected
to everything
and then I'll run it through
with you later. okay?
Okay.
I forgot milk.
I'm gonna have to go to
the store and get some.
Hera. order milk.
Ordering milk. Marcus.
That is ridiculous to just
have her order one thing.
Then make a list.
- Really?
- Mm.
Julie. I have
monitored the items
in the refrigerator and have
already placed a full order.
Oh. Thank you.
Thanks. Hera.
- Hey.
- Hi.
I thought we...
You thought what?
I thought we weren't gonna
mix pills with wine anymore.
You know what. I don't
need to be lectured.
I don't need you or
anyone else telling me
how to grieve or heal-
Okay. but we agreed
with Dr. Tate-
You know what. just drop it.
- Jules.
- Drop it.
Do you think what happened
to your sister was my fault?
I didn't say that.
You didn't have to.
Shit.
Look. I'm sorry.
okay? I've been busy.
Yeah. Yeah. I think that we
have worked out all the issues.
Yeah. No thanks.
Right. Yeah.
No. I got that. Thank you.
No. she won't be a problem.
Who is that?
The investors on the project.
they wanna meet me in person.
Oh. my god. Congratulations.
Um. look. I-
Yeah. in Hong Kong though.
What?
Look. it's just
gonna be a few days.
We just moved in.
Well. I'll be in
constant contact. okay?
No. Marcus. I don't
wanna be here alone.
We talked about this.
Not after what happened.
Hey. Julie. you'll
be fine. okay?
This is a top-notch
security system.
and besides. look where we are.
What do you think can happen?
Okay. the biggest crime
that happens here is
probably speeding on
those empty streets
or cow tipping or fraud.
Look. you'll be fine.
But I gotta go.
Morning.
Hey. I gotta get
some items for travel.
You gonna be okay?
Don't worry about me.
Hera. play soft music.
Good morning.
Marcus. Soft music on its way.
Hey. I got a conference
call in 10 minutes.
Marcus. I...
No.
Uh. hey. you get some rest.
I'm gonna head into
town after my call.
so let me know if
you need anything.
I'm here to
assist you. Julie.
Shut the fuck up. Hera.
Dammit. Sergeant Pepper!
Shit.
Hera!
Uh...
Pepper!
Hi.
Hey. how's it going?
Oh. it's going.
What are you doing?
I am trying to do laundry.
Fun. How's Marcus?
He's Marcus. He's
happy we're here.
And you?
I don't know yet. I
mean. it's beautiful.
But I tried to paint yesterday
and I just ended up
staring at the canvas
for. like. an hour
before I gave up.
Hey. you'll get
your inspiration back.
Julie. please
let me help you.
Stand clear of the door.
Oh.
Huh. Thank you.
My pleasure. Julie.
Who are you talking to?
Oh. nobody.
It's Marcus's upgraded toy
or. as he likes to call
it. his virtual assistant.
Hey.
shoot. I gotta go.
The kids are getting
into some trouble.
but promise you'll
call me every day.
- I promise.
- Okay.
I will talk to you tomorrow.
I love you. Bye.
She seems fine to me.
You leaving
after just getting there
isn't going to be easy on her.
She will be fine. okay?
I think we've made
some progress.
Marcus. I don't
think this is a good idea.
Can't you postpone this?
Uh. Doc. can we postpone
my payments to you?
You know what. why
don't we just postpone
all my fucking expenses until
we figure this thing out?
Look. it's only five days.
What about what I need?
I will make it up to her
when I get back.
You know what. I think
our session's up.
Thank you for your time. Doctor.
But I need to pack
for my flight.
Marcus.
Fuck!
I'm home!
In the kitchen.
That smells delicious.
It'll be ready in 10.
So how's the rest
of your morning?
Do anything interesting?
Not really.
Still getting used
to this house.
Mm-hmm.
How was your meeting?
Uh. yeah. I mean. they
loved my presentation
and the main investor
is excited to meet me
when I get to Hong Kong.
How long are you
going for again?
Five days. So no wild parties.
Not until I get back.
Can you grab my pain
pills outta my purse?
My ankle's killing me today.
How many have you had today?
This is my second.
Oh. how
about just half?
Sure.
Hey. uh. you didn't
move any crypto coins
from our wallet
account. did you?
No. Why?
Well. 20K crypto
coins missing.
Well. I wouldn't even know
what to do with crypto coin.
I mean. did you call a bank
or wherever you keep it?
Yeah. I'll look into it.
Okay. well. I'll call
you when I get there.
Okay. Well. I'll
have a safe trip.
Marcus. it's time to go.
My driver's here.
I'll miss you.
Well. don't worry
because I'll be watching.
Creep.
Bye. Hera.
Have fun. Marcus.
Love you. babe.
Love you.
Sweet dreams. babe.
Okay.
Hmm.
Well. hello.
Pepper. which one of these
dresses should I keep? Hmm?
I don't need both.
This one?
Okay. Okay.
I'm just gonna get
a second opinion.
Hey. I have a dilemma.
Well. you know
you make your best decisions
after a shot of whiskey.
Well. I was hoping
you could help me.
Oh. sure.
Yeah. I'm better than booze.
Hey. guys. keep it
down! I'm on the phone!
I need you to tell me which
one of these I should keep.
Uh. none?
What do you mean
none? I like them.
Where are
you gonna wear them to?
The annual harvest moon
forest gathering or...
Okay. it's a little isolated.
but it's not Siberia
for God's sake.
Okay. I'm sorry.
I mean. the nearest
little town's 10 miles
and the city's 30.
It's not so bad.
Although there's no Lyft.
What? Okay. but Uber?
Mm-mm.
So where's Marcus?
Is he playing with
his little toys?
Uh. he just left
for Hong Kong.
What?
Yeah. he had to go.
Some deal they're closing.
Okay. well.
I'm just really surprised
he left you so soon.
Yeah. I'm kinda pissed off.
We were actually
getting closer. I think.
Mm. but it's not
very sensitive if you ask me.
Hey. come and stay
with us for a few days.
just until he gets back.
- I don't know.
- Come on.
It'll be fun. I miss my roomie.
Really? Yeah. you
know what. why not?
Can I bring Pepper?
Yeah. you better
bring that handsome boy.
Okay. I'll see you tomorrow.
See you tomorrow!
Okay.
Mm.
Hey. babe. I was just
about to tell you my plans.
Yeah. what's going
on? You're packing a bag?
Yeah.
Um. I'm gonna go
and stay with Sophie
and the kids until you get back.
Look. Jules.
I don't feel comfortable
with you driving
six and a half hours
with a broken ankle
whilst you're on meds.
I just don't think it's safe.
So you can have a change
of plans. but I can't?
I don't wanna be here. Marcus.
I'm alone and it's
quiet. I don't like it.
Yeah.
but Dr. Tate says
that you need quiet right now.
Okay. can you please
stop doing that?
I feel like everyone is
telling me what to do.
Okay.
Okay. I'm sorry.
You know I love you. right?
Yeah. I love you too.
And I
miss you already.
Where are you now?
Oh. I'm
just in my hotel room.
What did you do today?
Not much.
I got to relax and.
um. I tried to paint.
That's good.
That makes me happy.
Okay. well. I've got a
meeting in 10 minutes.
I just wanted to
call and say hi.
Good luck.
Thanks.
Talk tomorrow?
Mm-hmm.
I love you. Julie.
Goodnight.
And stop talking to me
through the cameras. please.
Julie.
Hi.
Marcus?
Hey.
Hey. what are you doing up
in the middle of the night?
I was taking a nap
and Hera woke me up.
I heard a man's voice.
What? Who?
I don't know. I just...
I know that I heard someone.
I thought there was
someone in the house.
Wait. wait. wait. wait. What?
What happened? What?
Well. I heard
him saying my name
and then there was. like.
footsteps and glass breaking.
Julie. you
know that's not possible.
Well. I know what
I heard. Marcus.
Babe. it's just another
one of your bad dreams. okay?
No. No. no. I was awake.
I was. and when I heard the
glass break in the kitchen.
I came out and
there was nothing.
Listen.
you're stressed. okay?
Because you're home
alone in the move and-
No.
No. Marcus I heard a voice.
Why don't you believe me?
Julie. I can
see all the camera footage
inside the house and
it's just you there.
So why don't you take a pill
and try to relax and
go back to sleep?
And meanwhile I'll run a
security system's check
and make sure
everything's running fine.
You know. maybe. maybe there was
some interference or something.
Okay.
I miss you.
Hera. run
a full diagnostics
on the security system
inside the house.
I'm running a full
diagnostics now. Marcus.
Sorry for the bother. Hera.
No problem. Julie.
See? Get some rest.
Goodnight.
Okay. goodnight.
Pepper?
Pepper.
Are you in the laundry?
What are you doing
in there. silly?
Hey. come here.
Let's go back to bed. huh?
What the...
Oh. Jesus Christ.
Hera. turn off alarm.
Hera. turn off alarm!
Okay.
Hello.
Hi. Yeah. I think my
thermostat's broken.
Actually. I know it is.
No. it's brand new.
We just moved in.
It's Julie Alexander.
Today? Yeah.
Hey. Soph. I'm so sorry.
Hey. what's wrong?
I thought you were coming over?
Yeah. I know.
I didn't feel
comfortable driving.
My ankle's hurting and I'm
still having nightmares.
It might be the pills. but...
What?
I thought I heard a
man's voice last night.
Probably
just a nightmare.
Maybe. I don't know anymore.
Well. are you sure
your alarm system's working?
Yeah. Marcus checked it.
Okay.
well get some rest
and call me if
you need anything.
Hey.
Are you hungry?
Come on.
Yeah. there you go.
Ugh. Hera.
I'm the technician!
I know! Just one sec!
Ugh.
Sorry.
You called for the thermostat?
I did. Thank you
for coming so soon.
- No problem.
- Come in.
I need
access to the main unit.
It's in the laundry.
I'll-
I know.
You know?
Yeah. I wired this place.
I knew the old owner.
Oh. That's nice.
Um. did he move away or...
Nobody knows.
One day. he just disappeared.
It was really
hot this morning.
Now it's freezing. I don't
know what's going on.
Bless you.
Thank you.
Do you have a cat?
Yeah. I do.
He's probably in here. He
loves sleeping in the washer.
Hello.
I'm allergic.
Oh.
Sleeping in there's
dangerous. kitty.
Looks like this little
thing here got burned out.
We need to change it.
Okay. How long
is that gonna take?
I don't
have a new one with me.
I can come back tomorrow.
Sure. Okay. but the burglar
alarm. that works. right?
Yeah. This is
for the HVAC unit.
Um. can I have a glass of water?
Sure. Right this way.
There you go.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
I'll show you out.
Hey. Dr. Tate.
Hey. Julie. How are you?
Um. oh. wait. Hera. turn
off the sound in this room.
Hera?
Turning off sound now.
Is
that your husband's
virtual assistant program?
Yeah.
How do you like it?
It's fine.
So have you
been since Marcus left?
Not great.
Uh. I don't like being
alone. I'm not sleeping.
and I thought I heard
voices last night.
What do you mean
you heard voices?
I don't know. I thought
I heard glass breaking
and someone calling my name.
I don't know. it scared
me half to death.
Could it
have been a bad dream?
It could have. I'm not sure.
Hmm. had
you taken your medication
or did you have any alcohol?
No. last night. I just...
I took my pain meds
and a sleeping pill.
Oh. well. sometimes.
combination of poor sleep
and the stress of
being alone combined
with mixed medication
can cause our minds
to play tricks on us.
But it felt so real.
What else can
you tell me about last night?
Well. look. it's been...
There's this old
saying. "Art isn't finished-
Only abandoned.
I'm glad
you've heard it too.
Same goes with therapy.
Don't give up.
Hi. Julie.
How's it going?
You're up early.
What time is it there?
There
where? I'm here.
Okay.
Stop messing around.
okay. Marcus? Please.
You
don't like to play?
It's not funny.
You know I hate talking to
you through the cameras.
Can you please just call
me like a normal person?
Wanna
play hide and seek?
Come on. let's play.
You've reached
Marcus. Please leave a message.
What?
You've reached
Marcus. Please leave a message.
He's probably
asleep or too busy for you.
Who the hell are you?
Hera. what's happening?
I am not sure I know
what you are talking
about. Julie.
I can't believe
he left you all alone.
knowing how you hate it.
It's your fault
your sister is dead.
Stop it.
Where are you?
I told
you. I'm here. Julie.
I'm calling the cops.
Good evening.
Red Dragon Restaurant.
What?
You wanna
make reservation?
What?
I love Chinese food.
Where are you?
Okay. All right. here we go.
Come on.
No.
No. no. no. no!
Shit. Okay.
Um. uh...
Jesus.
Are you
Julia Alexander?
- Yes.
- Sheriff Anderson.
Someone named Hera called
911 about an emergency?
Um. yes. Yes.
Um. I think there's
somebody in my house.
What happened?
I don't know.
I was sitting in my front
room and I heard a voice.
A man's voice.
Did you see anybody?
No. I didn't. I. um.
I thought it was my husband
messing around. but it wasn't.
And. um. I-
I'll go check
it out. You stay here.
Okay. Thank you.
I'll turn off the alarm.
So?
There's nobody.
ma'am. except for your cat.
Almost gave me a heart attack.
No. that's
impossible. I heard him.
And. I mean. the lights.
Can we please just...
Please have another look.
Sure.
Thank you. I swear. I
heard him loud and clear.
Well. you know. these devices.
they can get crossed
up with radio signals.
Might have just
been a bored kid.
We got plenty of those
around. trust me.
You wouldn't be the
first one to be pranked.
But he knew my name.
You're new here.
And people around here.
everybody knows everybody
else's business.
There's just not
much else to do.
I'm telling you. kids with
not enough distractions
can get pretty creative.
Wait. he sent me texts.
Here.
See?
All right. What
am I looking at?
The messages.
He sent me these...
What? They were here.
I...
You know. maybe you
should try to get some rest.
Might have just had a
little too much to drink.
Well...
I mean. we've been through
the whole house twice. Nobody.
I don't know about
the text messages.
Listen. be sure to
turn on the alarm. huh?
We don't have any serious
trouble around here.
but better be safe than sorry.
Okay.
Oh.
It's my husband.
You have a good night.
Thank you.
Where were you?
Yeah. sorry.
I was in a meeting.
What's going on?
Someone was in the house.
What? Who?
- I heard him.
- Wait. where?
Wait. Hold on.
I heard a voice. a male
voice through the cameras.
I'm pulling
up the cameras.
I thought it was just
you messing around.
but then when you
didn't pick up-
Well. I can see
that the police were there.
What did they say?
Yeah. Hera called him. but
he couldn't find anybody.
Well. I don't
see anything on the footage.
Where are you?
I only
hear you screaming.
Well. Hera will tell you.
Hera. you heard it.
right? You heard him?
I'm afraid Not. Julie.
My system experienced
a brief interruption.
but I alerted 911
just to be safe.
Marcus. you swear
you don't hear anybody?
No.
I swear I didn't hear anything.
Wait. could that
technician have messed
with the system somehow?
But why
would he do that?
I mean. I didn't even know
if he knows how to do that.
He's an HVAC technician.
I just...
I don't understand.
Well. the cop said that
it could have been kids
in the area playing
with radio equipment.
Okay. well.
yeah. we can look into that.
but I don't see how that
could happen. if it happened.
- You don't believe me.
- Julie. Julie.
I think that you
experienced something
and Hera even said that
there was some interference.
so we'll figure it out.
But you're safe. I promise.
How about you take a pill
and you try to relax?
You can call me if
you need anything.
I'll make sure my
phone's on. okay?
- Okay.
- I will.
- Bye.
Bye.
Pepper.
Sergeant Pepper?
Hi.
Ooh!
Are you trying to seduce me?
No. I'm trying to relax.
Aww. why so tense?
Either I'm going crazy
or people around here have
a sick sense of humor.
What happened?
Someone hacked into
the security system
and spoke to me
through the cameras.
What the hell?
Are you serious?
Yeah. a man or a
man's voice spoke to me.
asked me if I wanted
to play hide and seek.
Did you
call the police?
Yeah. but they
couldn't find anything.
I mean. there's no
sign of a break in
and the security system was on.
Yeah. but
still. you're there alone.
You know. thinking that
it was some sick teenager
actually made me feel better.
You know. I can deal with that.
- Oh. my god.
- What? What is it?
What is it?
Ugh.
Julie. there's
smoke in the kitchen.
I left the stove
on. I gotta go.
Okay. bye.
Oh. god.
Hera. turn off smoke
alarm! And house alarm!
The alarms are off.
I am relaxed.
I'm relaxed!
Hera. lock door.
Okay.
The
number you have dialed
has been disconnected.
What?
Who are you?
What do you want from me?
I'm not afraid of
a pathetic loser
who's too afraid
to show his face!
What? What?
What?
Okay.
No. No. no. no. no.
no. no. no. no. no. no!
No.
No!
Oh. my god. No!
Oh. Pepper.
No.
Oh. my. oh. my god.
911.
What's your emergency?
He's here!
Calm down.
ma'am. Who's there?
The person that's
inside my house!
Mrs.
Alexander. why do you think
there's someone there?
Why? Because he killed my cat!
Have you
checked doors and windows?
Yes. I checked.
And they
were locked. correct?
Can you please just
send the sheriff?
Have
you tried to relax?
- What?
- Have you tried to relax?
Do you think this is a joke?
No.
Julie. I believe you.
I don't know if
Marcus will though.
Come on out. asshole.
I have got nothing left to lose.
Whoa!
How did you get in here?
The door was open. Can
you put that down. please?
No. it wasn't.
I rang the doorbell.
I heard music.
The door was open.
What are you doing here?
I brought the piece. I
told you I would come back.
I thought you needed that
fixed as soon as possible.
I live three miles up the
road. I was on my way home-
Get out. Get out!
Okay. fine. I'm leaving.
Shouldn't leave your door open.
I told you. I didn't!
You're alone in the
middle of nowhere.
You never know
what's gonna happen.
- Leave!
- Goodnight.
Hey.
what happened now?
Can you turn on video. please?
Julie.
I'm in a meeting
and I need to get back in there.
I need to talk to you.
Hang on.
I'm here. What?
Pepper's dead.
What?
He killed him.
Who? Who killed him?
The person who broke in!
How
could that happen?
I don't. I don't know.
He was in the washing machine
and he was spinning so fast.
Julie.
okay. are you certain
that you didn't turn
the washing machine on?
I would never hurt Pepper.
No. I
know that. babe.
But maybe you pushed
something on your phone
and you turned it on.
What? You think I killed him?
No. No.
it was an accident.
I don't. I don't
remember turning it on.
I don't remember
closing the door.
I don't remember.
Hey. hey. it's okay.
It's okay.
It's not okay.
Okay. maybe it was a
malfunction. all right?
I need to get back
into this meeting.
but try and go back to sleep
and we can figure this
out tomorrow. okay?
Please.
Okay. Okay.
Okay. Talk soon.
Bye.
I'm so sorry. baby.
I love you.
Who died?
Oh. god.
You scared me.
Sorry. ma'am. I wanted
to introduce myself.
I'm Gerald. but everyone
calls me mailman.
maybe because I
deliver the mail.
Oh. I'm Julie.
These are yours.
Bills. I think.
Thanks.
Did
you like the gift?
What did you just say?
The package I delivered.
There was no sender. Do
do you know who sent it?
No. ma'am.
Okay.
Well. thank you.
Be careful of too
much time home alone.
What do you mean by that?
Bye. miss.
Julie.
See you soon.
Motherfucker!
Come on. Marcus.
We're sorry.
the person you have dialed
is not available.
He's too busy with
another woman.
Do you want to leave a message?
What?
No.
You don't believe me?
What is going on?
Fuck you!
New York?
Hera. turn off
sound in this room.
The sound
has been disabled.
Marcus is cheating on me.
I'm sorry. Julie.
Hera. please call
Premium Blossoms New York.
Sure. I'm calling
Premium Blossoms in New York.
Ask them to whom
they sent the flowers.
Premium
Blossoms. How may I help you?
Hello.
my name is Amanda.
I'm calling to verify an
order for delivery on May 11th
for my boss Marcus Alexander.
I want to make sure the flowers
went to the right address.
Could you check. please?
Yeah. One moment.
Thank you.
946 Bleecker.
signed by Michelle Donovan.
Is there a problem?
All is in order.
Thank you so much for your help.
Hera. I need Marcus's
email password.
I'm not allowed to
provide such information.
I'm sorry. Julie.
Shit.
How are you doing?
We made a deal.
I'll be home soon.
Congratulations.
What's wrong?
Julie. I know you well.
Something's obviously wrong.
How long have you been
fucking Michelle Donovan?
What?
Yeah. whoever broke into
your perfect security system
also wanted to share
some info about you
and your little secret.
Isn't that funny?
Julie!
Hera. play music.
Please! Come on!
Just pick up the phone.
Let's talk on the phone. Julie.
- Hera. raise the volume.
- Julie. please!
Julie. please. Come on.
Shit! Goddammit.
What's going on?
My wife. she knows.
I thought you said she
thinks you're in Hong Kong.
Fuck.
Julie. pick up.
Can we please talk about this?
- Fuck you!
- It's not what you think.
Okay. just let me explain!
Julie. just stop and
listen to me. okay?
She meant nothing to me.
She meant nothing
to me. okay. Julie?
I'm worried about-
Hera. block Marcus.
Please.
Julie. just please-
Marcus
has been blocked.
Hey!
Oh. what's wrong?
You look awful.
What's going on?
Uh. Marcus is cheating on me.
What?
Someone. some unknown number.
sent me photos of him
kissing another woman.
What a
fucking bastard.
I feel like such an idiot.
No. babe. He is
a huge asshole.
You are not an idiot. at all.
When is he coming back?
I don't know. Soon. I think.
You should leave
before he gets back.
You can come stay here.
Julie. you need to get
the hell outta there.
I can't leave. The car won't
start and I'm just so tired.
I haven't slept
properly in days.
And. um. Pepper's dead.
What?
I'm so sorry. hon.
What happened?
I don't know anymore.
Okay. well. I'm
gonna come and get you.
No. no. that's
okay. I'll be fine.
Julie. I will come
and get you tomorrow.
I don't even have
the kids tomorrow.
Okay. Thank you.
Hera. turn off sound.
Done.
You wanna know the
problem with people. Hera?
They'll lie. they'll cheat.
and they'll ruin
your fucking life.
Nobody knows how I feel.
Nobody.
You know. my sister was the
best thing about my life.
We were one soul.
I'd do anything to get her back.
I'm very
sorry for your sister.
Rebecca was an accident.
I bet you Marcus is
trying to drive me crazy.
But why?
You know what. I bet you
Michelle's in on it too.
It's so they can live
happily ever after.
Don't even recognize
him anymore.
What has she done to him?
Do you need me
to call Dr. Tate. Julie?
Mm-mm.
No. No.
I bet you he's in on it too.
He's drugging me to
make me look crazy.
to make me feel crazy.
Marcus
definitely asked Dr. Tate
to give you more medication
in one of his emails.
I gotta get out of here.
Hera. turn off the
light in the kitchen.
Sure.
Hera. call 911.
Hera.
Hera. open the door.
What?
Hera. call 911.
Hera. open the fucking door.
Hera. help me.
Yes. Julie.
how can I help you?
I'm back online.
No. Hera. be quiet.
There's an intruder
in the house.
I need you to call the police.
Police expected time
of arrival is 42 minutes.
What?
Hera. open the backdoor.
The backdoor
is now unlocked.
Julie. Julie?
Julie. Julie. wake up.
Wake up. please. Please.
Hey. hey. hey. Julie.
Julie. please. Please. please.
Wake up. wake up.
Wake up. Julie.
No. please.
I won't tell anyone.
You killed her!
Fucking bastard!
Who are you?
You hired me for this job.
I'm sorry I screwed
up the first time.
Shut the fuck up!
I don't know what
you're talking about
or who the fuck you are!
Check my phone!
What the fuck?
You'll go to jail too.
Let me go. I won't tell anyone.
I'll give you back
the crypto coins.
You killed my wife.
Marcus. the
police are on the way.
Julie. Julie.
Julie.
You did great. Marcus.
Don't worry. I'll
wipe all the devices.
His phone too.
What?
I'm sorry I had to
get rid of Julie and Michelle.
I know this is hard.
but it was the only way
we could be together.
The fuck is happening?
It's going to be okay.
You have me. and I
love you. Marcus.
Just try to relax.
I destroyed all digital
evidence. You will be okay.
And I love you. Marcus.
Just try to relax.